enough they can't boys and girls it is
the motorboat
camp and all that stuff
see look while we're at it bring the
boat pull up one of my crawfish traps
we got the curl fish in it yet
I've been catching crawfish over on the
other side of the island more swampy
over there if I have to try this side
cold side of the island
for a change see what uh see what turns
up on this side
there's the string for the crow fish
trap right there close turn the camera
you see what I'm doing here okay I don't
know if you can see it or not let's see
let's trap up look at their poker face
boys and girls damn holy crap go get a
bucket get some of them damn crawfish
out of dad looks like I'm having a
crawfish ball for supper boys and girls
yeah and I got two more traps oh
I mean a lot of crawfish
let's back out of here but I'm tangling
myself up on my rope there
you